Hello, we probably will
do not know are bonuses and strolls the
best friends on the
but there is annie and me all over the world
The whole did not really believe
we have come up with a test
your friendship to the test
So I will let say
start with the first friend of the
kills okay here is the game rules and
Opel have five questions each
she devises each one to the other
and he has to do it right
answer otherwise that will get
team member so emi and me already
really crass this piece of tape into the
Make yours pretty funny
in the end, the one who looks will be the one
I would look most disfigured
say is because the team with goes from the
worse friend so not
let's start with the wii's
it again first friends quiz the first
question of hype and me is when and
how did they get to know each other?
on a warm summer day 2002 at one
cool summer 2012er one
summer 2012 we are not warm
but was not cold or today
must first discuss with him
okay we go with a cool two
summer day
so it was ok i would say come on
We ask the question of chicken and me
describe me in a word pretty
elegant cs mart or de kun i would
say
really there is nothing in it
hat describes better than the word
come that was what weak and we
must defeat the two what is mine
dream job watchdog b make-up rattiszell
hound or dhow if it's going on that's it
is difficult do what do you say
not okay I decide
for b make up artist no that suits me
of course, the unemployed is good on foot
Today I will be right after the job
his
june the most on and off
always the things lying around everywhere
wait a minute, the hair we tried the
Constantly eating or the moment
stinks of fish and I know that
Answer and that the human always thinks
It is stupid to fish
june always to eat and i have to go all the way
honestly, that's just me
can confirm the now has already
some feathers in the course of this video
I would say lost now comes
my revenge
I think I believe the favorite star
alliance like ballerinas sneakers or
daddy what do you say again nothing
cooney and i say what is rooneys
favorite animals bhc chicken or de
I putt
munich bavaria is asking you i can
what 's with what favorite movie dogs against
cats b 101 103 and four or the
titanic because you do not believe me that way
a blatant dog fan is i say
titanic an assist
and then a style martina it is so
you have not thought of that
if I do not shit enough
would look like ugly I'm there
is behind me there are none
change four w3c no idea or
about what many tell her
unfortunately, we have about the same number
almost because there is no idea because
we really have no idea
idea
but no idea which of these
is weird things
the deb wants mona de
no it is dlv is not a nude but not
still to stuff
how long a rooney flies 5b 18 50 and
80 110 90 customers or one second 80
Customers we must be sure that's okay
we have the we have the answer
Let's find out the best okay
people are seen now
you do that only two seconds in the
that means emi has lost with where
we two seconds did not stand yet
to disposal
yes that's the best
friends until you have no time
to evaluate has gained more than it
just starts to rain and the camera
will always be that you liked it
then it is definitely the fat
animal beliefs we would go up
Do not forget to look forward to it
main channel to subscribe to videos of her
want to see and I tell all of us
back soon
the